I know it's one of you.
But he looks almost like a woman.
He is feminine.
A terrible character.
Nasty. Unpleasant.
-Look! There we have Orm!
-No!
Obviously a master of disguise.
But you can't handle the nut bag
hide with makeup and costume.
We have found
a secret exit.
Orm has escaped.
-Stop! Stop, stop ...
-What is it?
-Keep. It's definitely hold.
- You have a team ?!
-We should not try to get us ...
-The team eats me up from the inside.
- Hold is not so bad then!
-I have extremely high pain threshold.
This is a pain. They actually say
that holding is worse than giving birth.
We stay here.
Is there one person I didn't believe
should be able to escape, then it's Orm.
He can't have come far.
Only one thing.
What happened down there ...
If you think I've been -
- involved in gay activity,
then you are thoroughly wrong.
Hot sex with a man -
does it get more gay than that?
Sure, but it's like ...
According to the Viking law -
- so you have not participated
in an illegal gay activity -
- as long as you are the active party.
That's why I was
so active with counter-jokes and ...
It was a real dance of life.
And what's important,
is that the Viking law is clear about it.
As long as you are
the active party, -
- it's not illegal,
and no honor is lost.
-So you haven't lost any honor?
-No. No. Absolutely not.
On the contrary.
Orm!
I know you guys have looted west!
All I need is the map!
I'm saving your life
if i get the map!
Everyone else becomes a slave,
but you are safe. Orm!
Nobody agrees to such a deal.
Lord Odin, he really believes
that you are so cowardly? What? Orm?
Orm!
No, Loke, ass.
Here I am! Here I am!
Here I am ...
I'm here.
I hadn't left.
Here ...
Now I hope you have what I want.
-Coward!
- They would do the same!
- No one here had sacrificed his village.
- Easy for you to say safe inside the cage!
Look here. I was going to give it to you
all the time, so this feels good.
Oi.
What's this, Orm?
Big penises and ass holes ...
- This is not a map.
-Maybe a map of the body?
Check here.
Orm! Orm!
Blood eagles are very old.
I hope you're ready.
No no!
Not! Not!
I know where the map is!
Arvid has it.
Arvid. The backward
Olav's right hand?
It was I who was the right hand,
but he was the brain behind the cruise.
It was he who hid the map.
I know his weak point!
Pardon ...
It's not meant to interfere, -
- but is there a Life here?
Yes. That's me.
Yes, you should be violated in public.
-What? Ravished?
-Yes.
Raped.
Public.
Yes, it is just to complain.
That's not my idea at all.
- It's part of the thing.
-Does the Earl do it himself, right?
Yes, you should not ignore that.
I can't guarantee anything,
but you get to cross your fingers.
- Stay with me, you.
-It's going to go well.
It's right out there. Good bye.
You can go first ...
Arvid!
I need that map!
No honorable men leave the woman
its being violated in public!
Loke, ass.
-This is not honorable.
- I almost have to do something, right?
You cannot attack everyone with a knife.
It is not a strategically correct choice.
-Magnus? Voldta Arvid's wife.
- Of the man in the street? Unacceptable.
Any other day
I just wore the suit.
But there's been so much going on
the invasion here and long horse ride, -
- so I don't feel fresh.
Hakon!
Rape.
I'm not
so comfortable with that, Varg.
Thinking of the wife. If she gets
just about this, she gets bored.
Is it possible?
Do I have to do everything myself?
Rape of an Earl, yes.
I can't wait to know
power pumped into me.
Violent as she was then.
- Try to be quiet now.
-I just got a little anxious.
What about the pillow? Then comes
the seeds easier in the food tract.
She doesn't think clearly.
Can you turn away?
That goes for you in the cage too!
Turn away.
I don't need a hundred staring
glance when I drive and violate.
Now we just concentrate,
and then we drive on ...
Just work a little ...
Arvid!
This is the last warning!
Now it's just before penetration!
We are soon belly-brothers-in-law!
- We're getting started!
- I almost have to attack.
It's possible I have an idea. I know
maybe about someone who can help us.
-You need a lot of blood ...
-Arvid! Stay away!
Now I can get earrings into me!
Shit and go.
You had an idea?
This is a jackpot, you hear it?
Just ...
No, don't be harsh. Like that.
What?
There I put a line.
This was just a warning, Arvid!
In other circumstances,
warmer weather -
- happy people,
had your wife drowned in semen!
In all the beautiful, powerful
the earring sperm I carry!
Warning, Arvid!
Warning!
There.
There you have your army.
Eirik?
Uncle Oddvar?
That's Arvidsen, yes!
- They are dead long ago!
-No, we live then, we.
Yes, in a kind of middle world, then?
Not quite Valhall, because you guys
has anything undone here on earth?
No ... We should
really taken the clan, -
- but it goes against the instincts
to plunge into death from a cliff.
It becomes so "lemenete".
I just have to sit down
and try to understand what's going on here.
Now I understand what the misunderstanding was about. You live.
-But willing to fight for me?
-Of course!
If we fall into conflict, it becomes Valhall,
so this is an ideal situation.
It sounds awesome.
Let's make a plan.
I have struggled myself
with the blood supply down there.
Especially with his wife.
Other times it stands like a stick.
The meat whistle always plays its own
melody. Isn't that what they say?
Either way, you can comfort yourself
that the West is overrated.
We have something much more valuable.
-Diamanter?
-No no no. More than that.
-Rubiner?
-Theatre.
Theatre?
Do I get any key people from the cage,
you should get a taste of the summer game.
Theatre ...
-Trangsynt! Parochial!
-Avsinn! Avsinn!
-Avsmak.
-Shame!
Ho loves you!
Oh!
It's hard to imagine
without the right means, so ...
We did not get warm up, and
did not come up in the high parties ...
- This is ...
- Can we do it again?
I never experienced ...
I knew I got ...
It came like that ...
... strange liquid out of ...
... my eye.
I think most of all that I learned
a lot about myself and society.
(It blows in a goat's horn.)
Look there, yes.
There comes the pig to the slaughterhouse.
- I thought he was alone?
-He was the last time I saw him.
The Vikings are in the cage,
so I know then Loke who they are.
Varg!
Come on, then, chuckle.
Send me to Valhall.
Firstly
I'm not a jerk.
I have a sore back, right?
It causes the stomach to bulge a little.
The spine goes inwards.
Secondly, I save your life.
I realize you've been fooled.
Yes ... The wisest is.
Is not that what they say?
Here you really show magnificence.
You show that you can post
conflicts behind you quickly -
- and don't dwell on stupid things
as others have done.
-Thanks.
-It requires her husband.
At least your chieftain is
incredibly, incredibly proud of you.
Yes. No, but then I think
that I take over the reins again.
We must not dwell on it
who actually heads Norheim.
That could have gone really bad.
Arvid!
Arvid! Arvid ...
Yes, you must try,
but I don't think it works.
Then we have
learned a lesson today.
Don't let an evil enemy live and turn around
his back to him if he has attacked.
I hope people remember it, saw it
does not happen several times in history.
And I'm so tactile!
Arvid! Arvid ...
Hello.
Chief Arvid. Who had
dreamed that you would be?
At least I had dreamed about it.
Chief Olav dreamed about it.
But I wondered one thing.
Do you think that's okay?
that a human being has a weakness?
-No one can be perfect all the time.
- No, there's something to it.
And I have one small weakness.
I love power.
I am drawn to power
like moths against the flame.
Olvar was sugary, you were so strong,
and Earl Varg was the Earl.
No wonder the ladies
throwing himself over him.
-He's a psychopath and very evil.
-No, it was more of a role he played.
- Were you attracted to him?
- Nothing happened.
-I hope you can forgive me now.
-Of course. I sure can.
-Can we start with blank runes?
-Yes, we can certainly do that.
- Hello, Kark.
-Greetings!
Do you fit in the bin?
New roommate.
-If it's a heart room, it's a bingroom.
-You're kidding me now, Arvid?
This is your new home.
Just forget to come back to the farm.
Arvid!
This I never forgive you!
Don't laugh at your nose.
This is much better than a house.
Except for the smell, then.
Jarl Varg. I choose to believe you
has learned a lesson here in Norheim.
I've learned, Arvid. You are
hard as flint and a man of honor.
Sorry you became Earl Handless.
But our best
prosthetists were on the case, -
- so I'm pretty proud
above the result.
Up with her hand so everyone can see.
Must show them.
Nothing to be ashamed of.
What?
With one hand
you can eat as usual.
The other is like a normal hand,
only with slightly stiffer fingers.
Almost full hands there.
Surely we can agree on that?
- Complete, Arvid.
-You must have a good trip home.
I hope we are well.
No hard feelings with new hands.
No, no hard feelings, Arvid.
Seriously? No hard feelings?
Obviously I have hard and
cruel feelings that ride in me.
We are not talking about it now.
Strategy, my friend.
Strategy.
Viljar! So stylish you are tonight.
Good choice of fur.
Would you like to dig a little
tonight, right? Do you have an itch?
It's reasonably outdated,
Bendel-Orm.
It was fun! Do you have
saved on that joke for a long time, right?
I've known you for a long time,
and this is your first time having fun!
Hildur! Hi!
Dearest sister-in-law. How is the situation?
-Very good. And you?
-Fine. Could have gone better.
-See it.
-You, are you fond of digging, right?
-No.
- Don't go until you've dug me up!
I regret it
that I didn't hurt you!
So good. Blood is thicker than water.
The spade is there ...
-I don't need a shovel just yet.
-What do you think ...
Oh ... Look what you got
made me do it, Orm.
Now it's a little squirting on me here.
I don't know if that's the point ...
I can't turn away either ...
Now the damage has happened.
Hi!
Toast!
Pst!
What? Who says pst?
If there is harassment, then cut it out.
What's the fun of it?
-That's me. Life.
-You are as sent from Tor and Odin.
I refuse to live together
with a slave! Are you going to go?
Yes, we have to go.
Come on!
Too bad, Arvid!
-The birds have flown!
-Sin! Damn Neanderthals!
Fuck me laughing at you!
-And the race step too!
-What?
This is not the last thing you have seen
by me, Arvid! We will be back!
- We're not going back?
-Yes, we have to get revenge, right.
Ouch! Oh!
It stings!
Hi! There you are. I have easy everywhere.
I have some real fun to tell.
It's life.
Inside here.
A little Arvid.
A little Arvid ...
Like you, Arvid?
-Do not know.
- I can tell it's a boy.
A little chieftain.
Isn't it fun?
I'm not going to disturb.
I just had to say it. See you in there!